## 929. Unique Email address

Every email consists of a local name and a domain name, separated by the @ sign.

For example, in alice@leetcode.com, alice is the local name, and leetcode.com is the domain name.

Besides lowercase letters, these emails may contain '.'s or '+'s.

If you add periods ('.') between some characters in the local name part of an email address, mail sent there will be forwarded to the same address without dots in the local name.  For example, "alice.z@leetcode.com" and "alicez@leetcode.com" forward to the same email address.  (Note that this rule does not apply for domain names.)

If you add a plus ('+') in the local name, everything after the first plus sign will be ignored. This allows certain emails to be filtered, for example m.y+name@email.com will be forwarded to my@email.com.  (Again, this rule does not apply for domain names.)

It is possible to use both of these rules at the same time.

Given a list of emails, we send one email to each address in the list.  How many different addresses actually receive mails? 

## Actual Problem

From a list of email address where . is ignored if part of account_name(part before '@') and anything beyond + is ignored in account_name, return the number of unique email addresses.

~~~~
Example: a.b.c@gmail.com is same as ab.c@gmail.com is same as a.bc@gmail.com is same as abc@gmail.com
Example: abc+jfierjf@gmail.com is same as abc@gmail.com (Anything beyond + is ignored)
~~~~~

## Solution

1. Split the string in two parts using '@' as delimiter
2. Process first to remove all occurences of . and ignore everything after +
3. Join the two parts again and populate them in a set
4. Return the size of set at the end.

